feat: Deployment Section (#1047)
discordjs/guide: guide/deployment/README.md

---
{
    'tableData':
        {
            'docker':
                {
                    'eou': 'Hard learning curve',
                    'perf': 'How Docker works under the hood is by utilizing containers which are basically little light virtual machines, so expect a bit of overhead if your VPS is on the low-end.',
                    'update': "Updating your bot is easy with Docker. Simply setup [Watchtower](https://containrrr.dev/watchtower/) to monitor your bot's Docker container and update it when it notices a new Image.",
                    'devops': 'Working with Docker also gives you the ability to easily integrate your bot with other services, such as [GitHub Actions](#automating-the-build-process-with-github-actions) for example.',
                },
        },
}
---

# Deployment

> Congratulations! 🎉 On making it this far, now it's time to deploy your bot to production. 🚀

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
unnecessary, does not match the style of the guide

Author: It's an important event in the average lifecycle of a bot dev.

## Virtual Private Server

> > VPS or virtual private server is a virtual machine sold as a service by an Internet hosting service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 A virtual private server is a virtual machine offered as a rental service.
```
unreadable/unnecessary markdown formatting should be avoided, grammar

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
unnecessary blank line

> > Using a VPS or virtual private server is a virtual machine sold as a service by an Internet hosting service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> VPS or virtual private server is a virtual machine sold as a service by an Internet hosting service.
```

There are a multitude of virtual private servers available, but the most popular ones, and the ones we will be covering in this guide, are:

> -   [Linode]
> -   [DigitalOcean]
> -   [Vultr]
> -   [Amazon EC2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
why are these in brackets and why are they presen twice

Author: adrian do you not know markdown syntax? they are links.

> ### Before you go all out

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
unnecessary header

> Before you go out and purchase a VPS, we recommend learning linux terminal basics and how to remotely connect to a VPS. The usual method is via [SSH](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Shell_Protocol). We won't go deep into it as thats outside of the scope of this guide, however VPS providers usually have a guide regarding connection so you can read up on that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
This entire section reads weird and not in style with the rest of the guide. Try to avoid run-on sentences also.

-   [Linode](https://www.linode.com/docs/guides/connect-to-server-over-ssh/)
-   [DigitalOcean](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/droplets/how-to/connect-with-ssh/)
-   [Vultr](https://www.vultr.com/docs/how-to-access-your-vultr-vps/)

> -   [Amazon EC2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AccessingInstancesLinux.html)

Reviewer: These could use some more in info, ie. prices

Author: I'll add a table comparing them, see the latest changes

> -   [Amazon EC2](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AccessingInstancesLinux.html)

Reviewer 2: what's the point of writing these twice, could be written only once

Author: One goes to their ssh guide and the other goes to their landing page

::: tip

> If your using another provider, we recommend following there SSH instructions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you're using another provider, we recommend following their SSH instructions.
```

> ::: tip
> If you're using another provider, we recommend following their SSH instructions.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
unnecessary tip block

> # Running your bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running your bot
```
wrong header

> If your using another provider, we recommend following [DigitalOcean](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/droplets/how-to/connect-with-ssh/openssh/)'s SSH instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your using another provider, we recommend following there SSH instructions.
```
does digital ocean instructions work for every provider

Author: yes, digital ocean docs are actually really nice.

> When running your bot in production there are many different methods you can use. Below are some of the most common ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running your bot in production there are many different methods you can use. Below are some of the most common ones:
```

> ## Benefits of each deployment method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Common deployment methods
```

| Method                           | Ease of use                             | Performance                              | Updating                                                                                                                                                                               | Dev-ops                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | [Docker](deploying-to-docker.md) | {{ $frontmatter.tableData.docker.eou }} | {{ $frontmatter.tableData.docker.perf }} | Updating your bot is easy with Docker. Simply setup [Watchtower](https://containrrr.dev/watchtower/) to monitor your bot's Docker container and update it when it notices a new Image. | Working with Docker also gives you the ability to easily integrate your bot with other services, such as [GitHub Actions](deploying-to-docker.md#automating-the-build-process-with-github-actions) for example. |

Reviewer: If this table situation is what you're going for this should be concise descriptions

# Deployment

Congratulations! On making it this far, now it's time to deploy your bot to production. 🚀

When running your bot in production there are many different methods you can use.

> For this guide we will be going over how to use Docker.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For this section we will be going over how to use Docker.
```
or perhaps
```suggestion
In this section we will be going over how to use Docker.
```
